Add warning about async Webpack configs (#1962)
benmosher/eslint-plugin-import: resolvers/webpack/README.md

Webpack-literate module resolution plugin for [`eslint-plugin-import`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-import).

> > :warn: Only "synchronous" Webpack configs supported at that moment. If your config returns `Promise`, this will cause problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warn: Only "synchronous" Webpack configs are supported at the moment. If your config returns a `Promise`, this will cause problems.
```

> > Consider splitting your asynchronous configuration to separate config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Consider splitting your asynchronous configuration to a separate config.
```
